These are my recommendations to Jill and
Roy on what they need to do to protect their computer systems,
including the least privilege,
reducing that administrator access,
not allowing client data on personal devices,
using antivirus software, and having
only work-related software on their business computers.
Set the user credentials to protect the network.
Don't allow remote access where it's not needed.
Lastly, require updates and upgrades as soon as they're available from the manufacturer.
Least privilege means only accessing information you need to do your job.
Don't have access to too many things because that puts you on the suspect list.
Keep your resources at a minimum that you need
access to and that way you and your company stay out of trouble.
You want to make sure you also have a data security protection policy in place.
This is the expectations and the rules for employees as to how,
where, when they may access client data.
The basic rule, no client information on personal devices.
For device security, ensure that antivirus,
anti-malware software is available on all devices,
both personal and at the office.
This reduces the chance of some type of a virus,
worm or Trojan horse affecting Jill and Roy's business.
Guarding against malicious actors means controlling what is available on each of the PCs.
In other words, no games,
no unauthorized streaming software,
just focus on business applications on business systems.
For authentication, you want to require a password policy on the system,
like you saw how to create within Windows 10 using
the local security policy, password policy.
This requires valid user ID and a password or
a passphrase credentials to log in to each of the systems.
For the IT contract,
you want to ensure the system is continually backed
up and want to do it daily or weekly at the worst.
To make sure you're not losing sensitive and critical business data,
make sure you're updating all PCs as soon as patches are available from the vendors.
This may be done weekly,
sometimes monthly and then definitely if there
is a critical patch that comes from a vendor,
this is just some of my recommendations for Jill and Roy's Accounting.
Presenting as if I'm presenting to their management,
you may come up with different answers.
But the idea is for you to give Jill and
Roy ideas on how to secure their business environment.
Hope you had fun with this exercise.